well I I started to start doing the qse
in 1995 but in 1995 I did some contests
in some WS is in Australia so I guess
I've been doing the tour since about 94
yeah until about until now really yeah
so that's that's a few years old boy
yeah I definitely get the free food I
think old surfers are the same aren't
they if there's a free feed going around
there that surface will be there but I
think the best food I've probably had
would be probably the beach - at the at
the Hurley contest in America you know
what Brazil doesn't even serve but they
didn't use to serve food anyway like the
tours come such a long way like in the
past probably five years like we used to
rock up with a contest and there might
be you know some water there maybe if
we're in France couple of croissants and
that's it and maybe a couple cans of
coke now it's just like full buffet
style like you gotta go to an event and
it's just like you know we've pretty
feel like special show dogs that's for
sure
yeah I guess the first time I come here
was in was in 1996 and there was
definitely a lot of people here but
there wasn't so many surfers that was I
came here in summer like summer times
just crazy as hectic there's a lot of
you know tourists here and but there
wasn't so many surfers back then and now
there's been a massive increase in the
amount of surfers which is good you know
it's great for our sport you know but I
can get hectic it's when you want to go
for surf and there's like 40 to learn to
surf guys trying to slay them down your
wave and it's just like it's pretty
hectic shoots you sometimes shoots me
anyway yeah especially over here you get
that you get that a lot over here in
France I'm I guess because it's it's
pretty pro surfing is pretty new over
here in Europe and and the fan base here
is really cool and they know they're
athletes to why they know who you are so
it's pretty cool to be out in the surf
and get recognized and people of paddle
at Union
I would like and admire yourself in that
and that's pretty cool to me you know
like the torque can be pretty brutal for
for a young dude coming on
you know fresh out of home mommy's arms
that can be it can chew you up and spit
you know and I guess like now the
average age for a guy to turn pro is
pretty young and slight it seems to be
like about 1718 you know and they're and
they're banging their whack straight on
tour and I've seen a lot of guys come
and go there's a lot of I mean I
expectation on their shoulders and I
just can't handle it that's just young
and you know they just don't know how to
handle it and yeah they yeah I just I
just burn out or they just they don't
meet the expectations it's quite sad
really how the how you know people can
come and go like that I was I was a late
bloomer I didn't really have an
illustrious junior career or anything
like that I was kind of just like I kind
of just popped up and I did some pro
contest and and I kind of ended up doing
well in qualifying you know pretty much
like in a nutshell that's what really
happened to me so I was a lot more
mature I was a guest around 23 22 23 and
yeah I think I was just I was I was
actually ready to go into it you know I
mean but you know mentally and yeah well
I wasn't um when I first started doing
the tour I was wasn't like massively
confident but um but I knew that because
the judges were more or less they're
looking for just you know that was kind
of like they looking for big turns not
just heaps little turns like back then
when I first had done the tour and I
just knew that if I could do two big
turns on a way that I was going to get a
score and that was basically basically
my approach to the whole year and I just
kept getting on roles getting on roles
and just kept doing it and ended up
qualifying